[Transcript missing]
So way back in the good old days,
you know, four or five years ago
before iPhone came out,
this was the most common
experience for buying software.
You'd go to a physical store and
see all of these boxes on shelves,
and they'd all be strongly branded
to the product and to the company
that is selling the product.
And you could pick up one of these boxes,
flip it over,
and see more details about the
software that you were about to buy.
For example, maybe some screenshots and
a short text description.
And in a lot of ways,
this experience is really mimicked
virtually on the App Store.
So this is the new and noteworthy section
of the games category on the App Store.
Each app icon is sort of analogous to
the front of a software box that you'd
see in a physical real-world store.
And if you were to tap
on one of these icons,
you'd see more details about this app.
A written description and some images.
This is kind of like the back of the box
that you'd see in a real world store.
So this model is great
for many types of apps,
but it isn't quite right for
magazine and newspaper publications.
Buying items from a newsstand
in real life is different.
For one thing,
if I were to come back here week
after week or month after month,
I'd see the covers of
these publications change.
They'd still be branded to the
company selling the publication,
in many cases due to the title,
but the cover art and headlines
would change to let me know what's
inside and to entice me to buy.
Another way that magazines and newspapers
are different is that you can often
subscribe to one of these publications
and have it delivered right to your door.
So as you can see,
the experience of buying a periodical
in real life is really quite a
bit different than the experience
of buying a piece of software,
or what we would now call an app.
And actually,
there are some aspects of the
real-life Newsstand experience that
would be very handy for iOS apps that
deliver magazine or newspaper content.
To that end,
we introduced a new feature in iOS 5,
Newsstand.
Now Newsstand has two aspects to it.
There is the end user aspect,
where magazine and newspaper apps are
automatically collected into a single
location and displayed on a shelf
similar to a real life Newsstand.
And then there's the developer aspect,
a set of APIs that let you create a
Newsstand app called Newsstand Kit.
Using Newsstand Kit in your
app lets you do several things.
You can display a cover that is
different than the standard app icon,
which looks like the real world
version of your publication.
You can update that cover
to reflect the latest issue,
both on the user's device
and in the App Store.
And most importantly,
Newsstand apps can download new
content in the background so
that it's ready and waiting for
users when they launch your app.
Before Newsstand,
a typical scenario would be that a user
would launch a magazine or newspaper
app and then they'd have to wait for
the latest issue to be downloaded.
If the issue was large,
this could take several minutes.
So this was not a great user experience.
There's one other aspect of
Newsstand that is really great,
and that is that Newsstand is a
dedicated category on the App Store.
So that means that magazine and
newspapers that the user has bought are
collected in one place on the device,
and all magazine and newspaper apps are
collected in one place on the App Store,
making it very easy for users
to discover new content.
There's two ways that users can
access this dedicated category.
They can tap the Store button
from within Newsstand.
or they can use the
App Store app or iTunes.
In fact, after Newsstand made its debut,
CondiNASP published some sales data.
After converting to Newsstand,
sales of single copies increased by 142%
and sales of subscriptions increased
by 268%. The dedicated category on
the App Store makes Newsstand apps
easy to discover and the Newsstand
Kit APIs make it easier to deliver
content with a great user experience.
So let's get started talking
about newsstand apps.
In the first section,
I'm going to help you understand
what makes a great Newsstand app and
what's expected for Newsstand apps
so that you can determine whether
or not Newsstand is right for you.
In the next section,
I'm going to discuss implementation,
how to get started with Newsstand Kit,
considerations for the
architecture of your app,
and best practices when
using the Newsstand Kit APIs.
And finally,
I'm going to talk about distribution,
some tips for testing,
and what you need to know about iTunes
Connect if you're a Newsstand app.
Regarding implementation,
we went into a lot of implementation
details at WWDC in 2011.
I'm going to try not to repeat all of
the details at that WWDC session and
instead focus on what we've learned
since Newsstand Kit was introduced.
If you watch this video and decide
that Newsstand is right for you,
you should definitely watch session 504,
Building Newsstand Apps,
which can be found at this URL.
So with that, let's get started
understanding newsstand apps.
When it comes to designing
and creating a Newsstand app,
there is a single great guiding
principle to keep in mind,
and that is that your Newsstand
app should be like the real-world
paper version of your publication,
only better.
So there are a couple key points
that go along with this principle.
The first point here is simple.
For Newsstand,
we primarily expect to see apps
that emulate publications found
at a real-world newsstand.
That, of course, includes things like
newspapers and magazines.
This definition might vary by region
because newsstands in different countries
may carry different types of content.
In all regions, however,
a Newsstand app on iOS should
not include a collection of
several different titles for sale.
For example, if your app currently sells
three different titles,
you should create three Newsstand apps,
one for each of your
three titles for sale.
A Newsstand app should always
correspond to a single title.
Finally,
you might be considering Newsstand
so that your app can use the feature
that allows background downloading.
If you're only considering Newsstand to
take advantage of this feature and your
app doesn't contain any print content,
then Newsstand is probably
not right for you.
The second point is that you should
use familiar models to sell and
distribute content within your app.
The first model of content
delivery is simple.
You can offer individual issues
for sale within your Newsstand
app as non-consumable items.
But what about this model,
where something is delivered to
the user automatically without
any explicit user action?
Well, let's start by taking a look at
how this works behind the scenes.
There are three components involved here:
your server,
the Apple Push Notification Service,
and the user's device.
Your server sends a message to the
Apple Push Notification Service,
which in turn sends a notification.
You're in control of when
this notification is sent,
and you control which devices
the notification is sent to.
To initiate background downloading,
the payload of this notification
should be contentAvailable = 1.
When the iPhone or iPad
receives the notification,
your app is woken up in the background.
It's then able to request
content from your server and
download the latest issue.
Your Newsstand app is allowed one
background download in a 24-hour period.
So as you can see,
all of this is happening
automatically in the background.
The user hasn't taken any explicit
action to download the latest issue.
So how does a user opt in to
receiving content in this way?
How do they know that they
should expect and anticipate new
content from your Newsstand app?
Well, the best approach for this type
of automatic delivery of content
is to offer it via a subscription.
In fact, all Newsstand apps must offer
a subscription for sale.
There are two types of subscriptions
available for Newsstand apps:
auto-renewable subscriptions
and free subscriptions.
Auto-renewable subscriptions are
available to any type of app on iOS,
but free subscriptions are something new
that we created just for Newsstand apps.
If you're delivering an issue
as part of a subscription,
that issue must be delivered
via a background download.
When a user subscribes to your content,
they're going to expect it to
be ready and waiting for them
when they launch your app.
Don't attempt to download the issue
after the user has launched your app.
Making the user wait in that way is
exactly the kind of poor user experience
that Newsstand was designed to alleviate.
So there are quite a few benefits to
letting users subscribe to your content.
The first is that users will
come to expect and anticipate
new issues of your publication.
Not only will they be looking
forward to receiving new content,
but you know as your
app receives new issues,
the size of your app is
going to grow over time.
If a user hasn't opted
into a subscription,
they might be wondering why your
app is getting larger and larger
when they look at it in Settings,
and they might even delete it.
Auto-renewable subscriptions let
you offer an opt-in incentive.
For some publishers,
it's very important to collect the
user's contact information so that
they can market to them later on.
With an auto-renewable subscription,
you can offer them a free issue or even
a few free issues of your publication
in exchange for their contact info.
Auto-renewable subscriptions,
as their name suggests,
renew automatically.
This means the user can opt out
of a subscription at any time,
but if they choose not to,
then it will renew automatically.
Free subscriptions never expire,
so there's very little action that
you have to take once they're set up.
No expiration date to check on.
And finally,
using a subscription lets you
focus on creating great content.
You don't have to come up with a new way
to deliver content on an ongoing basis.
You can just use our APIs and
our infrastructure for this,
and you don't have to spend
your time reinventing the wheel.
Okay, so that's it for subscriptions.
A subscription is the right model
for delivering issues to your
app via background downloading.
But, as I mentioned earlier,
your Newsstand app is only
allowed to perform one background
download in a 24-hour period.
For some apps,
delivering up-to-the-minute
breaking news is just as critical
as delivering a standalone issue.
Newsstand apps can also update themselves
with breaking news throughout the day.
To do this,
you'll have to download a small amount
of content when the app is launched.
Remember,
this should only take a few seconds
because you should only be downloading
a few pieces of breaking news.
Also, remember that although your
Newsstand app can receive a
special kind of notification to
initiate a background download,
it can also receive other
types of notifications.
This means that you can deliver
notifications with a message,
such as the headline of a breaking story.
And this is actually a
really nice experience with
Notification Center on iOS 5.
So here,
I've put my iPad aside for a few hours,
and when I came back to it,
I had several notifications
waiting for me,
letting me know about breaking news
that was happening throughout the day.
So just to recap the different ways
that you can sell and distribute
content in your Newsstand app.
You can have a Newsstand app
that offers only a subscription.
You can have a Newsstand app that
offers a subscription and individual
non-consumable items for sale.
Your Newsstand app can
optionally offer breaking news.
But you can't have a Newsstand
app that offers only individual,
non-consumable items for sale.
And you can't have a Newsstand app
that offers only breaking news.
So that's it for models
of content delivery.
And the third point is to
remember to create content that
is optimized for the platform.
A lot of this advice might sound
familiar to you if you've used
an iPad or an iPhone before,
but I just want to drive home a
few key points that are relative
to magazine and newspaper content.
The first is to take
advantage of the display.
iPads and iPhones have
really beautiful displays,
and the best magazines and newspapers
definitely take advantage of it.
On the left, we see this beautiful cover
art for Wired Magazine.
On the right,
the layout on the inside is putting
the photograph front and center,
using an interesting font for the title,
and an interesting layout to
navigate through the article.
You should also remember to
take advantage of iPhone and
iPad's multi-touch interface.
So lots of apps have
swiping between pages,
but you can take advantage
of the multi-touch interface
within a single page as well.
So on the left we have this
photograph of this machine,
and as I tap different
areas of this display,
I get more information
about this machine.
On the right hand side,
we have a timeline implemented of
the Ghostbusters movie franchise,
so a user can swipe right and left to
get more information from this timeline.
Finally,
remember to utilize iOS SDK technologies
within your Newsstand app.
So these devices, iPads and iPhones,
they're always connected.
So you can easily tap a link to
send an email or make a phone call
from within your Newsstand app.
Audio and video is a great way to
supplement the written print experience.
And don't forget about
the rest of the iOS SDK.
Your Newsstand app should be like
your real-world paper publication,
only better.
Use APIs that you might think at first
are atypical for a magazine or newspaper.
For example, you could use the Location
APIs to deliver content that is
specific to that user's location.
Or you could use the Twitter APIs to
allow a user to tweet about an article
that they've read within your app.
So that's it for
understanding Newsstand apps.
Now let's move on to
implementing Newsstand apps.
So as you know,
Newsstand has this really great display.
It's this beautiful shelf with
all of these publications kind
of lying against the shelf.
And it's actually pretty easy to make
your app appear in the Newsstand.
All that you have to do is set a
single key in your Info.plist file.
You set the key UINewsstandApp to true.
And there you go.
Your app is now appearing
in the Newsstand.
So even though my app is showing up,
it's a white star on a blue background,
my application icon doesn't look
as good as everything else that's
currently in the Newsstand.
That's because my app icon is still
using the standard app icon and
I should be supplying a special
icon that's just for Newsstand.
So the first thing that you need
to do is create the cover art
for your Newsstand app icon.
Like any iOS icon,
you should start with a flat image.
And there are different size
recommendations for different devices.
On iPhone,
the longest edge of your Newsstand
app icon art should be 90 pixels.
And the longest edge can be
in the vertical direction
or the horizontal direction.
On iPhone 4,
the longest edge should be 180 pixels.
And on iPad,
the longest edge should be 126 pixels.
In all of these cases,
the aspect ratio should
be between 1:2 and 2:1,
meaning that your Newsstand app
icon shouldn't be dramatically
taller than it is wide or
dramatically wider than it is tall.
So now that we have created
the art for our Newsstand app,
it's time to actually use
this art inside of our app.
What we have to do here is
modify our Info.plist file.
So this is what our Info.plist file
would have looked like on iOS 4.3.
We have a top level
CFBundle icon files key,
and the value for that key is an
array of strings that point to
all of our different icon files.
In iOS 5, for Newsstand,
there's a new top-level Info.plist key.
That key is called CFBundle Icons
and it lets you point to a
dictionary of icon styles.
We're going to be using two different
styles in our Newsstand app:
CFBundle Primary Icon
and UI Newsstand Icon.
So let's go back to our Info.plist file.
At the top level,
we're going to have our new key,
CFBundleIcons.
Then we have a dictionary where the
first key is CFBundle primary icon.
And the value for that key is
really just what we saw in our
Info.plist file for iOS 4.3.
In fact,
we could have just copied and pasted
from that file into this new file.
We're going to collapse that area.
And we're going to add a
new Newsstand style key,
UI Newsstand icon.
And the dictionary value for that key
is our list of CFBundle icon files that
point to our different Newsstand images.
So if you're looking to make a
single app that is compatible
with iOS 4.3 and iOS 5,
there's good news.
CFBundle Icons is required
for Newsstand apps in iOS 5,
but it can coexist with icon
keys for earlier versions of iOS.
You noticed that we kept our standard app
icon around with CFBundle primary icon.
That's because even though our
magazine or newspaper cover is
displayed inside of Newsstand,
we still need the standard app icon
for other places on the system,
such as Settings, Search,
and Notifications.
So we've created the art
for our Newsstand app icon.
We're pointing to it
in our Info.plist file.
And now it's time to add
some real-world styling.
So to do this, we're just going to keep
modifying our Info.plist file.
So here we have our Newsstand
style key and icon files.
And we're going to add
a couple more keys:
UINewstandBindingType with a value
of UINewstandBindingTypeNewspaper
and UINewstandBindingEdge with a
value of UINewstandBindingEdgeBottom.
So this is telling iOS that
I want my Newsstand app icon
to look as if it's bound like
a newspaper on the bottom edge.
So there are several different
types of adornments that you can
add to your Newsstand app icon.
We saw a couple in our Info.plist file,
but you can specify a
UINewstandBindingType magazine.
That will add two adornments
to your Newsstand app icon.
It'll give you staples on one
side and a little stack of
pages on the opposite side.
If you specify UI Newsstand
binding type newspaper,
your Newsstand app will get this
sort of stacked effect where it
looks like a stack of papers.
And you'll see a subtle shading on
the bound edge to indicate a fold.
So these are the two binding types,
UI Newsstand binding type magazine and
UI Newsstand binding type newspaper.
Magazines can be bound on
the left or right edge,
and newspapers can be
bound on the left edge,
the right edge, or the bottom edge.
So we can add these decorations
to our Newsstand app icon
by modifying Info.plist,
but when exactly are
they supposed to show up?
Well,
I like to say that these decorations
are displayed when your publication
is off the shelf or lying flat.
So this means that the staples and
stacks decorations will show up in the
app switcher and also in the app store.
These decorations are not applied when
your Newsstand app is lying on the shelf.
In this case,
a 3D transform is going to be
automatically applied to give
perspective to your Newsstand app
icon and make it look like it's
lying flat against that angled shelf.
In this view, if you specify a binding
type of newspaper and a
binding edge of the bottom,
you'll see a subtle shading
effect to indicate a fold at the
bottom of your newspaper icon.
So far, I've talked a lot about the
appearance of Newsstand apps,
but what about the behavior?
Specifically,
how do we enable this experience
where content is automatically
delivered to the user?
While we've seen this
diagram once before,
let's take a closer look at how to
enable automatic content delivery.
The first thing that you have to do is
register for Newsstand notifications.
There's a new notification type in iOS 5.
That's UI Remote Notification
Type Newsstand Content Availability.
You also have to set a key in
your Info.plist file to enable
the Newsstand background mode.
This key is Newsstand Content,
and this is what lets your
Newsstand app be launched in the
background and perform the download.
Finally, your Newsstand app has
to support multitasking.
So if you're bringing over an
existing newspaper or magazine
app over from iOS 4.3 to iOS 5,
make sure that you do not have
the UI exit on suspend key set.
So now we know how to
enable this notification.
What else do we need to know about it?
Well, as I mentioned before,
your Newsstand app is only allowed one
background download in a 24-hour period.
The reason for this is
to preserve battery life.
If there were several Newsstand apps on
a device and they were all allowed to
download new content throughout the day,
this would be a lot of network
activity that would drain the battery.
You can send additional notifications
to the device to attempt to
initiate a background download,
but if there's more than
one in a 24-hour period,
those additional notifications
are just going to be ignored.
So there's a little bit of
flex time built in here,
meaning that if you are always
sending out your publication at 5 a.m.
every morning,
but one day you're running late,
or maybe the power is out,
or there's a problem with the server,
and you have to ship your
issue at 5.03 or 5.04 or 5.05,
so you might wonder if you always
have to ship your issue at 5.05
the next day and the day after
that and the day after that.
Well, the answer is no.
There's a little bit of
flex time built in here,
but it's on the order of minutes,
not hours,
and it's not something that you should
rely on for your implementation.
If your app can only perform one
background download in a 24-hour period,
you might be wondering
how you're going to test.
Well, there is a user default that you
can set to disable this throttle.
It's called NK Don't Throttle
Newsstand Content Notifications.
And if you set this default,
your Newsstand app will be able
to perform background downloads
more than once in a 24-hour period.
Just be sure to remove this before
you submit your app to the App Store.
It's also important to understand
how the notification settings
work for Newsstand apps.
On the left, we're looking at all of the
settings for notifications for
all of the apps on the system.
Here, a user can toggle whether
or not they want to receive
different types of notifications,
such as alerts, badges, and messages,
from certain apps.
On the right,
we're looking at Store Settings.
And this is what a user looks at if they
want to enable or disable background
downloading for your Newsstand app.
So the way it works is a user
downloads your app and they receive
the initial prompt asking them to allow
your app to receive notifications.
If they say yes, then both of these
preferences are set to true.
If they say no, they're both disabled.
So remember that your app should be
ready for any possible configuration
of these separate settings.
So now you have sent a
notification to the device.
It has been received.
What happens next?
Well, there's two possible scenarios.
The first is that your app is not running
once the notification has been received.
In this case, your app is launched in the
background and it's up to you to
begin downloading all of the assets,
the text, images, et cetera,
for your publication.
An application did finish
launching with options.
If the iPad or iPhone is on Wi-Fi,
the downloads will start immediately.
If the iPad or iPhone is on 3G,
the downloads will be queued either until
the app is brought to the foreground or
until the device joins a Wi-Fi network.
Also, be aware that if you're combining
the content available payload with
another payload in your notification,
such as an alert,
the alert will not be shown in this case.
The second scenario is that the
notification is received on the
iPhone or iPad and your app is
already running and in the foreground.
Just like any type of notification,
when your app is already
running in the foreground,
it's up to your app to
handle that notification.
In this case, you're going to start
downloading the assets for your
publication if the application
did receive remote notification.
When the app is running
in the foreground,
downloading will start immediately
whether the device is on 3G or Wi-Fi.
Now the notification to initiate
the background download has been
received on the device and it's
time to start downloading all
of the assets such as images,
text, and media that comprise your issue.
We recommend, if possible,
delivering all of these files
via a single compressed zip file.
This is better for system performance
because we don't always have to
continuously wake up your app to let
it know that a download has finished.
And it's a little bit easier
to code inside of your app.
If it's not possible to group
all of the assets for your
issue into a single download,
maybe because of your company's
content infrastructure,
you should at least group these
downloads into logical sets.
For example,
all of the images and text that
I need for the front page or for a
recent story would be one logical set.
Once you begin downloading
individual assets for an issue,
these downloads cannot be prioritized.
Always remember to reconnect
when your app wakes up and
complete any unfinished downloads.
Otherwise, over time,
these downloads will be considered
abandoned and eventually deleted.
Once you have downloaded
an issue to the device,
you should remember to always
organize your issues with NK Library.
NK Library provides a persistent
state for available issues,
ongoing downloads,
and it lets you mark the issue
that is currently being read.
Each real-world issue that is
downloaded by your app should
correspond to an NK issue.
You can create issues with a unique
name and publication date and add
them to your Newsstand library.
It's also possible to
maintain a repository for each
issue within your library.
Just access the content
URL for your NK issue.
As you're downloading
issues of your publication,
each real-world issue should
correspond to an NK issue.
You can use NK Issue to create an issue
with a unique name and publication date.
You can use NKissue to access the
repository of assets for a single issue.
And you can provide an NK issue
to set currently reading issue
to track the issue that is
currently being read by the user.
When you download an issue
with the Newsstand Kit APIs,
Newsstand Kit provides a managed
repository for your issues.
This directory is not backed
up automatically via iCloud.
And as I mentioned,
issues are put in this repository
either by downloading them
with the Newsstand Kit APIs,
or you could move them to the right
location after you have downloaded
all of the assets for your issue.
The Newsstand Kit Managed
Repository acts as a cache.
And given that it's a cache,
issues may be evicted from the
cache when system resources run low.
And in this case,
the system resource that we're really
concerned about is available space.
However, information that you provide
helps Newsstand Kit prioritize
which content should be preserved.
So if there's very little space left on
the device and issues have to be deleted,
you can tell Newsstand that you want
to preserve the issues that are marked
with the Currently Reading Issue
property and the issue that you have
most recently added to your NK library.
So Newsstand will look at
the date parameter and add
issue with name and date.
So you might be thinking that you want
to guard against the scenario where an
issue of yours could possibly be deleted.
And you might be thinking
that you'll just move all of
your issues to the document.
folder.
Well, I'm here to tell you do not
move issues of your publication
to the Documents folder.
This will significantly decrease the
amount of available space on the system.
Since the Documents folder
is backed up to iCloud,
this will significantly increase the
time it takes to backup a user's device.
And in turn,
this will significantly decrease
battery life because of all
the excess network activity.
Instead, let your publications be managed
just like other publications
on a system-wide basis.
Remember that you should always
allow users to access the
items that they've purchased,
even if it means letting them
re-download one of those items.
So that's it for implementation.
Now let's move on to distribution.
Before you distribute your app,
I would really encourage you
to do a final round of testing.
Try to prevent those one-star
reviews before they happen.
Walk through the user experience from
start to finish and ask yourself:
Are users downloading a
magazine or just a store?
I've perused the one-star reviews
for Newsstand apps on the App Store,
and one of the biggest complaints
is that users will download a free
app but then not get any content.
Not a single article, not a single issue.
If users don't know what
your content even looks like,
how will they know that
they want to purchase more?
Are you offering to restore purchases?
In this day and age,
users have multiple devices,
they're deleting apps,
and when your app is downloaded
to a different device or
restored after it's been deleted,
offering to restore all of the purchases
is a great convenience for all users.
Is your content intuitively
easy to navigate?
So many Newsstand apps that I've
downloaded and tried out start off with
a splash screen that has instructions
on how to navigate the content.
For example, tap three times in the upper
left corner to go home.
If you
You might think that these type
of instructions are a service,
but typically what happens is the user
dismisses this dialogue and then the
instructions are difficult to remember.
So you're better off just making
your content intuitively easy
to navigate from the beginning.
And finally,
are newly downloaded issues easy to find?
There's nothing more frustrating
than purchasing a new issue and not
being able to read it immediately.
So when you're ready to opt
into Newsstand to become a
Newsstand app on the App Store,
the first thing that you're going
to do is enable your status as a
Newsstand app in iTunes Connect.
So this is the summary page for your app,
and in order for this Newsstand button
to appear on the app summary page,
your app has to be in a
pre-binary upload state.
So those states are: Prepare for Upload,
Rejected, Developer Reject,
Invalid Binary, or Waiting for Upload.
So once you click this button,
you'll be taken to a confirmation
screen that asks you if you truly
want to enable Newsstand status.
Once you enable Newsstand
status for a certain binary,
you cannot revoke that
status for that binary.
If you want to opt out
of Newsstand later on,
you'll have to revoke this
binary and resubmit another one.
Once you click the Enable button,
you'll be prompted to
upload a default cover.
So the default cover is really shown
when there's no cover for the current
issue of your publication available.
This piece of art should be a generic
version of your publication's cover.
It should have the title
of your publication,
a generic piece of cover
art that's not timely.
For instance, you wouldn't want to have
Christmas trees on your default cover.
And also, this shouldn't be a cover that
you've used for a previous issue.
Once you've uploaded
your default cover art,
it's time to add and manage new issues.
So this is what the summary page
for your app looks like after
you've enabled Newsstand status.
This time,
if you click the Newsstand button,
you're taken to a screen like this,
where you can add and manage new issues.
If you click the Add Issue button,
you're able to enter information
for your publication,
such as the date that you
want an issue to be published,
the end date for that issue,
the issue ID, a summary,
and cover art for that issue.
Now, if you're only publishing new issues
once a month or even maybe once a week,
it's not a problem to go into
iTunes Connect and enter all
of this information manually.
But if you're publishing
issues more often than that,
you might want to automate
this process with an Atom Feed.
The Atom Feed basically contains all of
the same information that you would have
included manually in iTunes Connect,
but it's just parsed automatically.
So that's it for distribution
and for all three sections:
understanding Newsstand apps,
implementing Newsstand apps,
and finally distributing them.
In conclusion, I just want to drive
home a few key points.
Remember that from the content that
you're delivering inside your app
to the actual behavior of your app,
deliver a great user
experience on Newsstand.
Use our built-in technologies to
streamline your development and
give users a familiar experience.
Utilize in-app purchase and
subscriptions and use the Newsstand
Kit APIs and manage repository.
And finally, understand how iTunes
Connect interfaces with Newsstand apps.
Remember how to enable Newsstand status
for your app and how to upload new issue
information for display in the App Store.
If you're looking for more information,
there are several pieces of documentation
available on the iOS Dev Center.
There's the Newsstand
Kit Framework Reference.
There's a Tech Note that answers a
lot of frequently asked questions.
And there's Guides for
Supporting Technologies,
the Local and Push Notification
Programming Guide,
and the In-App Purchase
Programming Guide.
If you're looking for more
information about how iTunes
Connect interfaces with Newsstand apps,
you can take a look at the
iTunes Connect Programming Guide.
And there's also a specification
available for the Newsstand Atom Feed.
So that's it.
By now you should know whether or
not Newsstand is right for your app,
understand what is
possible with Newsstand,
and have some ideas about how to
approach your Newsstand app architecture.
If you have any questions about
the content of this video,
you can find me on the Developer Forums
or email me directly at vicki@apple.com.